Let's first of all have a look at which kind of performance we need in this app.
And there will have to offer indication for him.
I got this single e-mail input here.
Now obviously I'm not just interested in fetching the e-mail.
I also want to get a password and I want to allow the user to switch between the sign up and log in
mode.
So that is one thing we'll have to work on.
Then we also can book places.
So here on that booking model which we can open in two different ways with our own custom date being
selected or a random date already filled in.
So in this model I want to allow the user to enter some booking data and for example select the date
range for which you want to book that place.
Now last but not least on offers we can of course add a new offering here.
So currently I have my great playground there that is of course not what will leave here.
Instead here I want to have a nice form that we can use to create a new offer.
So a new place we want all four to be precise.
This is what I want to add here in this application three different forms.
I will use both the template driven anti reactive forms approach in this module and therefore let's
dive in and let's actually start with the authentication form here.